Documented cmaketoolchain:extra_variables (#16229) (#3719)
conan-io/docs: reference/tools/cmake/cmaketoolchain.rst

- **tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:system_name** is not necessary in most cases and is only used to force-define ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME``.
- **tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:system_version** is not necessary in most cases and is only used to force-define ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_VERSION``.
- **tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:system_processor** is not necessary in most cases and is only used to force-define ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR``.
- **tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:extra_variables**: dict-like python object which specifies the CMake variable name and value. E.g.
    
.. code:: bash

    conan install . -c "tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:extra_variables*={'CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE': 'C:/Program Files (x86)/Microsoft Visual Studio/2017/BuildTools/'}"

> .. tip::

Reviewer: TIL! Can I get a pic of how this looks when built?

Author: ![image](https://github.com/conan-io/docs/assets/26503843/9740ad65-2ecd-4f4b-9836-e517f484a0cd)
It looks good to me, but maybe it is not what we want.
As a noobie, I like command examples so that's why I added it. And also the *= looks very important because really nobody read the docs xD

Author: Update: 
![image](https://github.com/conan-io/docs/assets/26503843/d2e91a65-1ef8-4e0e-8118-0c3cc6b65d56)

Author: Final result
![image](https://github.com/conan-io/docs/assets/26503843/48e78416-4e7f-45ca-bcdf-36c98791193d)

- **tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:system_name** is not necessary in most cases and is only used to force-define ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME``.
- **tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:system_version** is not necessary in most cases and is only used to force-define ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_VERSION``.
- **tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:system_processor** is not necessary in most cases and is only used to force-define ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR``.
- **tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:extra_variables**: dict-like python object which specifies the CMake variable name and value. Value can be a plain string, number or a dict-like python object which must specifies ``value`` (string/number) , ``cache`` (boolean), ``type`` (CMake cache type) and optionally, ``docstring`` (string: defaulted to variable name). Potential override of CMakeToolchain defined variables, users are at their own risk. E.g.
    
.. code-block:: text

    [conf]

>     tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:extra_variables*={'STR': 'string value', 'NUM': 1.3, 'CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE': '${ENV}/buildTools/', 'SOME_DICT': {'value': '42 sense', 'cache': True, 'type': 'BOOL', 'docstring': 'test cache var'}}

Reviewer 2: I think it is easier to understand the usage with a simple example without the "update" configuration data operator
```suggestion
    tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:extra_variables={'STR': 'string value', 'NUM': 1.3, 'CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE': '${ENV}/buildTools/', 'SOME_DICT': {'value': '42 sense', 'cache': True, 'type': 'BOOL', 'docstring': 'test cache var'}}
```

Then maybe, add a meaninful example with the update operator `*=` in the tip box below

Resulting in:

.. code-block:: cmake

    set(STR "string value")
    set(NUM 1.3)
    set(CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE "${ENV}/buildTools/")
    set(SOME_DICT "42 sense" CACHE BOOL "test cache var")

.. tip::

>     Use the ``*=`` operator described in :ref:`configuration data operators <configuration_data_operators>` to update the dictionary merging it with previous definitions of ``extra_variables``.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if this tip is relevant here. Is there a good example of a use case of this usage for extra_variables?

Anyway, I think it reads better this way. WDYT?
```suggestion
    Use the :ref:`configuration data operator<configuration_data_operators>` ``*=`` to **update** (instead of redefine) conf variables already defined in profiles or global configuration.
```

Author: Okey thanks!

    
.. code-block:: text

    [conf]
    tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:extra_variables={'MY_CMAKE_VAR': 'MyValue'}

Resulting in:

.. code-block:: cmake

    set(MY_CMAKE_VAR "MyValue")

Which will be injected later so it can override default Conan variables.

Another advanced usage:

.. code-block:: text

    tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:extra_variables={'MyIntegerVariable': 42, 'CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE': '${ENV}/buildTools/'}
    tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:extra_variables*={'CACHED_VAR': {'value': '/var/run', 'cache': True, 'type': 'PATH', 'docstring': 'test cache var'}}

Resulting in:

.. code-block:: cmake

    set(MyIntegerVariable 42)
    set(CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE "${ENV}/buildTools/")
    set(CACHED_VAR "/var/run" CACHE BOOL "test cache var")

This block injects ``$`` which will be expanded later. It also defines a cache variable of type ``PATH``.

.. tip::

>     Use the :ref:`configuration data operator<configuration_data_operators>` ``*=`` to **update** (instead of redefine) conf variables already defined in profiles or global configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the :ref:`configuration data operator<configuration_data_operators>` ``*=`` to **update** (instead of redefining) conf variables already set in profiles or the global configuration.
```
